Our budget has been cut.
Salary negotiations will become even tougher.
Cut? By how much?
30%.
30%?
That's an alarming number.
We have no choice
but to sign contracts with this budget.
We'll revise the salary plan
as soon as possible.
Hold on a second. You agreed to this cut?
A player's salary is their pride and joy!
Exactly! If you cut salaries by 30%,
no one will sign!
I'm absolutely against it.
I'll even protest alone!
I object!
I object! I object!
It won't make a difference
if you protest alone!
The Dreams have been in last place
for four years straight.
If they can't produce results,
a salary reduction is unavoidable.
This is...(Support Admin Watch on kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
A list of players to be released.
Wait a sec, GM.
You said you'd sign on the whole team!
We can't lose ten whole players.
We were hit with a 30% reduction.
I'm doing what must be done.
Oh, come on!
I object! I object!
I object!
I won't move an inch from here!
- Move.
- I object!
- You're in the way.
- Let's fight together!
Easier said than done...
We object! We object!
Negotiating with the players
is one of your jobs.
I cannot accept a 30% cut to our budget.
It seems you weren't listening.
I am not speaking my mind here.
I am giving you an order, as the team owner.
Our annual salary budget has been cut.
We now have 30% less to work with.
Seriously?
This is unheard of.
It's downright terrifying.
I'm against it. I object!
Pay up!
Don't cut our budget!
Keep the dream in baseball!
Quiet!
We're here to have a meeting
because complaining gets us nowhere.
Yes, sir.
GM, how will we make this work?
We must consider
releasing ten of our players.
Ten of them?
Oh, I don't want to see it.
Reporters will hound us down
for releasing so many players.
I object!
- I also object.
- We object!
Sir, Aikawa and Takasaki improve every year.
Why would you let them go?
- Exactly.
- They're right, GM.
- Please reconsider your choices.
- That's right!
How about releasing a veteran?
- Like Hasebe...
- Exactly.
- No, we can't let him go either.
- We can't let Hasebe go!
And we can't lose the good-looking Senoo.
His uniform sales are among the highest.
We will suffer terrible losses!
So we're choosing based on looks now?
Your bias is shining through.
I don't like that.
Oh, quit whining! I'm talking about sales!
Don't choose by looks!
- You're being biased!
- Shut up, you monkeys!
- A player's abilities are...
- No bias allowed.
- I'm talking about sales!
- Can we not?
More importantly.
Our team already suffers
from a lack of players.
Dismiss 10, and we'd only have 60 remaining.
If we see many injuries,
would we even survive a season?
Manager.
No.
So you all need the pitchers,
Aikawa and Takasaki.
What about our other pitcher, Senoo?
And Ebata?
These players trust in my every direction.
They all follow my lead.
I cannot choose one over the other.
May I be excused?
Yes. Go ahead.
No, wait, wait, wait...
Don't just let him leave.
He's the manager!
I will continue.
You gotta listen to me, GM!
This is hopeless!
I'm going back to protesting.
Don't cut the players!
Give us the money!
- Give us the money!
- Quiet!
Don't cut the players!
- Give us the money!
- Right now!
Quiet!
Now back to your seats.
- No!
- We'll keep at it all night!
What about the pitcher, Kijima?
[Yuuki Kijima]
May I dismiss him?
Now hold on a second.
Kijima is a star.
He was named a class-A pitcher 6 years ago.
Then all those who believe Kijima
ought to stay, raise your hands.
All agree to dismissing him.
Alright.
Right then.
- I'm home.
- Welcome back.
Up five.
- Daddy!
- Hana!
What'd you do today?
- I played in the mud!
- In the mud? Wild.
- Must've been tough, huh?
- It was.
She might make a great infielder though.
When do you think
the salary negotiations will be?
I think it's coming up.
Will your estimate go down?
Probably.
Well, you're already earning plenty.
Don't worry, Daddy's still got lots to earn!
Oh, that's reassuring.
- Daddy, look!
- Huh? What?
- You drew this for me?
- Yeah!
Is this your Daddy?
No, that's the ball!
- The ball?
- Yeah.
Thanks, Champ. Let me return the favor.
I will proceed with Kijima's dismissal.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Akito and I carefully analyzed
our autumn camp practice games.
Kijima can still be a valuable asset.
Nice play, youngster!
Kijima pitches to the batter
in a way that makes the ball hard to hit.
He keeps extra base hits to a minimum.
Your thoughts, GM?
We will negotiate
with all players on the team.
- Yes! The protest worked!
- That's great!
Our GM has given us the right guidance.
Now we simply walk the path of light.
You sound terrifying.
Please, no deifying the GM.
So what do we do now?
We can't lower everyone's pay.
Not now, alright?
Let us celebrate a bit!
- Yeah, Osachan!
- Read the room.
- Osachan.
- We'll start by lowering your salary.
The players will simply have to take it.
Are we really cutting 30% from everyone?
We can't give any less
to players with low salaries.
- I will reassess our salary criteria.
- What?
You sure love your controversial ideas, GM.
The only time a decision of mine
was met with no backlash...
was when I changed the position of our vases.
- It's not funny.
- Huh?
We will base each player's salary
on their performance from this year alone.
That's a risky move, GM.
You're going to be met
with waves of backlash.
What's about to begin
is a life-or-death battle
between the players, and management.
I see the store's really thriving now.
It's about damn time.
What'd you think? Good, right?
Super good. Delicious!
- He's practically fluent.
- Yeah, you're good.
- Ushiyama.
- Yeah?
You look happier these days.
You think?
Nah, maybe not.
Make up your mind.
So, what're your plans next season?
I'm going to keep playing.
Did you already negotiate your salary?
Not yet. I suspect it'll go down though.
You earned... What, 40 million last year?
- 40?
- 30, 30...
- Right, 30 million.
- Wow...
Hey, quit it.
Yeah, you're first pick of the draft.
Exactly.
[Lim Min Jong - Pitcher]
You're getting 100 million
from the signing bonus alone.
So this year you'd get about...
20 million, give or take?
Something like that.
Why not retire
and start a restaurant already?
Sawada is back on the team.
And now we've got Min Jong, too.
I still want to win.
You look raring to go.
I'm embarrassed.
Alright!
- We're going another round!
- Another one?
- Another one!
- Alright.
One, two, Dreams!
Yeah!
[Job Search Results]
I'm home.
Yeah, welcome back.
Woah. You're actually looking for a job.
Finally ready to work?
Yeah. It's hard to find a good place, though.
You're being too picky.
I wouldn't want to take the plunge,
only to lose 20% of my bonus again, you know?
I'm getting angry just thinking about it.
Sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
If anything, given my background,
shouldn't I be earning more?
A salary is a symbol of sincerity.
You're entirely right.
That's it.
I'm done searching for jobs.
I'm sorry, keep going.
- No, thanks.
- I said I'm sorry!
- It's relaxation time.
- Back to routine already?
The eat-and-sleep competition begins!
I never signed up for that.
Hey, bring me a beer. Please?
Beer, beer.
I'm going to sleep.
Aw, already? I really wanted a beer...
[YAOSHIMA Holdings]
Reducing their annual salary, eh?
Great idea.
Any surplus will be diverted
to our Shopping Mall Division.
Suppressing the team's deficit,
and paving the way for its dissolution.
I see! Perfect!
Thank you, sir.
Will it really go so smoothly though?
That GM loves to get in your way.
Shut up.
Shut up your mouth.
Shut up your mouth!
Don't be such a wet blanket.
My apologies.
Not to worry, sir.
Humans are powerless
against financial prowess.
Can I call in Iwata?
Please do.
We're starting with a tough one.
Tough, indeed.
Come on in.
Morning!
- Good morning.
Please, have a seat.
Let's get right to it.
Mr. Iwata, your salary for next year...
To quote the great Katsuya Nomura,
the catcher is like a manager on the field.
That's how important we are to the team.
With that in mind, let's get talking.
You missed many games this year.
As such, a salary cut will be unavoidable.
What do you mean?
- This year's results...
- Next season's salary
includes expectations for the future, no?
A player ought to make negotiations
based on their performance in the year.
Alright, fine.
You make a point.
I missed games earlier this season
because I got injured.
But look at my performance
in the latter half of the year.
My OPS is number one
among defensive catchers.
As embarrassed as I am to say this myself,
the fans call me their, "last hope".
[OPS: sum of player's on-base% and slugging%]
GM.
I heard you're an amateur in baseball.
That is entirely irrelevant now.
Allow me to inform the uninformed.
I don't have a chronic illness.
I was injured during a game.
It was an unavoidable accident.
Was it really?
What?
Was it truly unavoidable?
I always fight for the team.
What're you trying to get at?
You struggle with maintaining a fit body.
The weight you gain
from binge-drinking and eating
is putting strain on your knees.
It seems you're also neglecting
your post-game cool down drills.
Our assessment was made
after taking all this into account.
200 million.
I'm tired of bargaining,
so let's just go with this amount.
[60 million]
That is...
quite the unexpected amount.
I'd say it's more than reasonable.
I'm the best defensive catcher in Japan.
I think you're getting a bargain.
We wouldn't agree.
I'm leaving.
See? Told you.
It's only the first guy,
and we're already stumbling.
What?
Next up is our shortstop, Nara.
What kind of player is he?
He's a kind and friendly guy.
He understands the team's circumstances well.
It'll go smoothly.
After that day,
I thought I'd spend my days relaxing,
but my cute junior was in a pickle.
I couldn't just leave him be.
Excuse me.
The players summarize their performance data,
but once they sit down for negotiations,
their minds go blank.
The players wanted an agent they could trust.
I had no choice but to take up the mantle.
Let's have a constructive discussion.
For both our sakes.
Only an attorney can accompany players
to negotiations. Please leave.
Let's not get so formal, eh?
I know how business works here.
Negotiations will go quick if I'm here.
Please leave.
GM, you're lowering players' salaries
because the team finished last, right?
Team performance is irrelevant
to individual salary negotiations.
Hey, now. Was that the case last year too?
Yes.
Well, that's just awful.
You're not thinking of offering him
a measly 44 million, are you?
[44 million yen]
That's a very specific amount.
What?
Did I hit the bull's-eye?
No.
I'm glad I didn't.
Our Nara is too kind, so he's easily swayed.
Please offer him a reasonable amount, yeah?
Seems like this is gonna take a while.
We haven't even had lunch yet.
How about this?
Here, teriyaki flavor.
Miyahara.
Grab us three iced coffees.
Pardon?
Sir, you're being awfully rude.
Right, my bad, my bad.
Grab a 'something-ccino' for yourself, too.
I suspect we'll remain at a stalemate today.
Please leave.
Oh, that's right.
Please don't misunderstand.
This isn't revenge for being falsely accused.
You're keeping our other players waiting.
You mean Kato, Shirasaki, and Nojima?
We're here to represent those three, too.
Shall we continue?
[Nara, Kato, Shirasaki, Nojima]
Miyahara, three iced coffees.
Don't forget the 'something-ccino'.
Yes, exactly.
Find us a good place, you hear?
One that offers great wine. Yeah.
He's very particular.
That's right.
Yeah, I'm counting on you.
Excuse me, I'll call you back.
What's with the stare, sir?
The worst kind of trash
is someone who betrays their comrades.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You still don't get it?
Did Assistant Director Kikuchi
leak our assessment?
Yes.
Let's move on.
Right.
Okay! Next up is a veteran.
Let's get to it!
Until last year, players with families
were given a priority.
But this year, we'll judge them
solely on individual ability.
Hold on a second, GM.
Isn't that a bit too cold?
They have families.
We hope to sign everyone on.
I'm doing what must be done.
Yes, I understand, GM.
- But!
- Miyahara!
Ow!
Let's prepare ourselves.
Preparedness injected.
Alright.
Who are we seeing next?
Kijima.
Though you are a veteran,
our assessment for this year
will be based solely on your performance.
Understood. I'm prepared to hear the number.
How does 8 million yen sound?
You can't cut a salary
by more than 25%, can you?
Without the players' consent?
No.
Did you have a desired amount in mind?
Oh, no...
It's just...
Please give me time to think.
Eight million?
They're essentially telling you to quit.
Well...
Want to help run my restaurant?
Huh?
I'm opening a new branch this year.
Juggle that with teaching baseball,
and you'd make 10 million a year.
Isn't your body feeling its age about now?
Well...
Give it some thought, yeah?
I appreciate it.
- Thank you.
- Anytime.
Now eat up.
- Right.
- Here.
- Today's beef tongue is delicious.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I'll give it a try.
Kurokawa, back then and now,
you've always reminded me
of crystal clear water.
What do you mean?
On the field,
you were the reliable third batter up.
After retiring, you became Scouting Director.
And now, you've become an independent agent.
You mold to any role like water.
And because you're so clear,
you hide nothing from others.
Do you know
why the GM tries to sign everyone on,
despite the odds stacked against him?
Is it because he's an amateur?
No, no.
It's to flaunt his own beliefs.
To those around him, that is.
Belief is meant to be broken, broken...
And broken again.
You must break the pen you're signing with.
Do so, and his beliefs will break as well.
If negotiations drag on,
camp will be canceled.
If it continues into the season,
not only will victory prove to be a struggle,
but the team's very existence
will be at risk.
And if that happens,
his resignation will be the price to pay.
Sounds like trouble.
I only hope the next GM
will be someone as clear as water.
We'll wash it all clean
with a douse of water.
I sense your impatience.
Where is the attorney?
She will be joining us remotely today.
That's fine.
But you must leave, Mr. Kurokawa.
Those are the rules.
Stop babbling and tell me his offer.
60 million yen.
I don't think we'll be reaching an agreement.
That's a shame.
I'll close this for now.
I understand you're a busy man, GM.
Maybe you're not thinking so clearly?
Give it some more thought.
Kurokawa...
Sir.
I won't offer this amount next time.
Do you understand?
If you'll excuse me.
A player would sign for that amount.
He only wants to prolong the negotiations.
GM.
Iwata wants to speak again.
Also, regarding Mr. Kijima's negotiation.
Can I try handling it?
Go ahead.
Thank you!
I'm off!
Excuse me.
Ouch!
You alright?
I'm fine.
Just cut myself with the knife.
Lemme see that.
Yikes.
- Here's a bandage.
- Hello.
Oh...
The Dreams still need you, Mr. Kijima.
I'm glad you say that,
but I'm already...
Truth be told,
I only became a baseball fan
after joining the company.
I studied up on the team's history, too.
Six years ago, the Dreams came in 2nd place.
You remember, right?
Of course.
The Dreams owe that 2nd place
to your pitching, Mr. Kijima.
Maybe that was my peak.
Huh?
The time to retire always comes.
I ought to have retired back then.
No, no, no, that's not true!
I wanted to leave without shame.
To leave reluctantly, but with a whole heart.
This negotiation.
This amount.
It's a notice of dismissal, isn't it?
I'm retiring.
Huh?
Ow, ouch!
And it's over.
We'll treat your thumb next week.
Sounds good.
That's all for today.
- Take care.
- Will do.
Thank you.
During the season, I don't have time
to focus on treatment.
I'm playing through the pain.
If anything, 200 million is still cheap.
We have already told you the issue
is with your own personal maintenance.
I've put my body on the line,
and fought for the team.
Is that all you have to say to me?
Managing injuries is a part of the sport.
Alright then, fine.
How much am I worth?
60 million yen.
Huh?
Seriously.
Amateurs don't understand anything.
Feel my pain now?
The hell, you bastard!
"Bastard"? Way to talk to a woman.
Negotiations are over.
I suppose that's that.
Damn it!
I'm so pissed off!
A player could have been hurt.
Why are you so calm? He ruined your suit!
It's nothing expensive.
That's not the point.
Thank you.
Oh, no. I'm sorry for causing trouble.
So, what do we do now?
Not that it's my place to ask, but...
If pushing doesn't work,
we pull back.
Alright, you convinced me.
I'm in.
Great, I've been waiting for that answer!
Now your lifetime income will double.
So, what should I do?
If pushing doesn't work, you pull back.
I spoke with Mr. Kijima.
He's retiring.
I see.
I'm sorry.
You did your best.
Whoa!
Don't flinch. I'm not always punchy.
- Idiot!
- Hey! Not fair!
It's called a feint. Deal with it.
What's a feint?
Hey, woah!
Why are you laughing?
What's wrong?
Why did you suddenly
consider taking the season off?
I got a bit of advice from someone.
They said managing injuries
is a part of the sport.
They gave me the push I needed
to go fix this bothersome knee of mine.
Though I'll be in rehab all next season,
I'll make sure to fully recover,
and prepare for my time as a free agent.
What?
- A free agent?
- Seriously?
You're leaving the Dreams?
I don't know about that.
But here's the thing.
I want to play baseball
for a team that respects me.
And the Dreams don't?
I'll leave that to your imagination.
He can't just take the whole season off
without prior notice!
If he keeps this up,
it'll affect our other players, right?
As if negotiations weren't difficult enough.
Iwata, fans consider you
their "last hope" for the Dreams.
Iwata has chosen to take the season off.
Have salary negotiations fallen through?
As the team owner representative,
what are your thoughts on his withdrawal?
Did Iwata make this decision on his own?
Please answer us.
- If we hear no answers...
- Folks, please. Please.
The team is always committed
to putting the players first.
We will persistently continue
amicable negotiations with Iwata.
However, if we are unable
to satisfy our players...
- Sir?
- Then what?
President Negishi, please explain.
Then perhaps the team...
has no reason to exist.
Does that mean the team will be disbanded?
Will the Dreams merge with another team?
President Negishi, please answer.
What's going to happen?
Come in.
Excuse me.
Is it done?
Yes.
Thank you.
What's that?
It's like you're always around.
The Vikings' backup catcher.
What about him?
The Vikings already have Yoshida,
who you all drafted last year.
You ought to give him a chance.
Mind your own business!
I always knew you were a shrewd man.
But to think you even keep tabs
on our minor league players.
Impressive.
I knew it!
You're trying to poach from us again?
I believe it'll be a good deal,
for the both of us.
Unbelievable...
I deeply regret my actions.
I don't trust you at all.
No, please. Please.
Please, look at the person I am now.
Not the person I used to be! Please!
I will be looking with watchful eyes.
Yes, ma'am.
- Sit down.
- I don't deserve to sit.
- Next.
- I'll sit. Excuse me.
We'll be drafting active players this month.
Could you make a list of our candidates?
Sure thing.
Which position is the GM
looking to strengthen?
The GM is looking for catchers, outfielders,
and utility infielders.
"Utility"? In layman's terms, please.
You, English, study, more.
I can't believe you two.
Brush up your English!
- He's definitely not sorry.
- I am sorry.
In other words, a versatile player.
Versatile? We have Nara for that, right?
That's right. That's Nara's position.
The GM's looking to trade him.
Trade Nara?
- Yes.
- What's the deal looking like?
Three younger players, for one Nara.
Regarding the email I sent earlier...
Yes, the meeting just ended.
The GM's prediction was right.
Sorry or not, he's still a bootlicker.
But now, with that shorty
spreading trade rumors,
the unsigned players...
Will definitely start to panic.
- Yay!
- Ow!
There's nothing "yay" about pain...
What's with the tension, eh?
Evening, sir.
You all should've settled in.
Sorry, sir.
Sit, sit.
If you'll excuse us.
- Wine?
- Yeah.
There you go.
Sir, the GM is looking to fill our positions.
Hey. Don't get swayed by stupid rumors.
Mr. Sakurazaki has spoken
to the Pelicans and the Vikings.
They've even discussed our trades.
Listen.
Mr. Nagai of the Pelicans
is just as stubborn as Sakurazaki.
A trade won't be happening.
What about Mr. Ishikura?
They're still wrapping up
the Sawada-Kudo deal.
There's no way he'd agree to a trade!
Wouldn't it be better
if we just signed the team's offer?
I'd like to resume training.
That's why you guys get taken advantage of.
Are you really satisfied
with such a low salary?
Well? Are you?
Only the Dreams would put us
on their starting lineup.
I have mortgages I need to pay.
My kids are also against moving.
If I'm traded, I'd be living alone.
We only entrusted the negotiations to you.
We have no intention on leaving the team.
Sorry, sir.
Sorry.
[GM Sakurazaki]
We've been waiting for you.
Where's the GM?
He's out. He'll return in due time.
He's the one who called me here.
And I'll entertain you in the meantime.
What the hell are you guys plotting?
GM.
Kato, will you really allow your agent
to handle everything?
What are you doing here?
Taking a walk.
And while I'm at it,
I came to negotiate a salary.
I'm sorry.
No matter how difficult
negotiations are going,
I just can't betray Kurokawa.
Instead of thinking about him,
why don't you think about yourself?
What is this?
This is an estimation
of the opportunities you'd see,
and the lifetime salary you'd earn
on another team.
From what I can tell,
your prospects elsewhere are less than ideal.
Would you like to continue negotiating?
Negotiating behind the agent's back
is unacceptable.
Now, hold on. The attorney is the agent.
You're not a relevant party here.
Fools.
A 30 million yen contract?
Kato would never sign that.
You think so?
Coffee for you.
That's piping hot.
I drink my coffee ice cold.
Sorry. I was worried
you'd freeze up from the shock.
Don't get cocky. Bring me an iced coffee.
Oh! Nice!
Seems like Kato signed the contract.
What?
Want to see it?
Nara, can I talk to you for a minute?
Please direct your negotiating to Kurokawa.
What's your desired salary?
Like I said, I don't know. Ask our agent.
Did he tell you our GM
offered you 60 million yen next year?
Huh?
Is that still not enough?
Kurokawa signed with you all
instead of a free agent for a reason.
Kurokawa is like...
A big brother to us.
So you say...
But he's forcing favors onto you all.
Would you really call that
an act of goodwill?
No other team would offer you 60 million yen.
Please give it some more thought.
We've got another signed deal.
Damn it.
Can you please leave already?
You're the one who called me here.
Quit fooling around!
We're nothing but serious, sir!
We are dedicating our bodies and souls
to protect the team.
You've made players and their families suffer
all because of some selfish revenge.
You really think you've won with this?
Please leave.
Damn it.
[Nara: I've signed the deal. Sorry.]
[Kato: I signed the contract.]
Damn it.
So, you're saying the cause of your defeat
is this new salary assessment sheet?
Indeed.
It covers all sorts of potential earnings,
and opportunities.
It's no wonder the players felt shaken,
and signed their contracts.
Did you truly think
I'd be so easily convinced?
Please wait.
We still have Iwata, the starting catcher.
I will definitely prevent him from signing.
I'm really counting on you.
Really.
[Written by Akito Sakurazaki]
Akito... Sakurazaki?
Do you still have an excuse, Mr. Kurokawa?
Hey.
The contracts.
Thank you.
Our plan was a huge success.
Yes!
All thanks to "our" efforts, right?
You want a compliment.
- Yes, yes, good job.
- Ow, ow, ow, ow!
I don't need that kind of reward!
All that's left is that cocky Iwata.
Potty mouth.
Says who?
You.
Ow!
It hurts, right? I bear with that every day.
Ouch...
Well, well.
I knew the GM would get you.
It's not over yet.
You can't win.
You can't sell.
You can't even destroy a baseball team.
You can't do anything.
Just like your father.
What?
Did I say something wrong?
It's not over yet.
Good morning!
- Hey, Iwata.
- Yeah?
Are you really taking next season off?
It's part of the negotiation.
I just want more money.
Don't worry.
I'm ready to catch your pitches next season.
Mr. Kijima's retirement...
It's our fault, isn't it?
Let's plan a retirement ceremony for him.
I'm impressed we even signed on so many
with a 30% budget cut.
The players...
What do they think of us right now?
We trampled on their pride,
exploited their weaknesses,
and offered amounts unworthy
of their true value.
We made them make some difficult decisions.
The one who ordered the cut
was President Negishi.
There still might be something we can do.
Well, well, GM.
No knock? What do you want?
What's the meaning of this?
[Dreams GM, Employing his Jobless Brother?]
[Abusing his authority]
[Employing his Jobless Brother?]
What? Has there been some sort of mistake?
It's full of mistakes.
Both this article,
and your behavior as owner representative.
You're the one full of mistakes.
If this article comes out
at the start of the week,
those contracts you worked so hard to secure?
They'll likely be canceled
by a number of players.
Withdraw this headline, now.
Is that how you ask your superior
for a favor?
It's not if I had a respectable superior.
Bow your head.
Bow your head to me!
If the article comes out,
your brother will be fired,
and the players will rebel.
If you want me to withdraw it,
obey my command.
So?
An organization who controls with fear...
has no future!
Are you suggesting you're any better?
You've used every trick in the book
to make weaker players submit to you.
As long as you're in this organization,
throw away your lukewarm sense of justice.
Give up your beliefs!
Here is my first command.
It may very well be my last.
The GM had a two-year contract.
Even if he didn't do the proper work,
I would pay him the two year salary.
But there are reasons to fire the GM.
First.
He botched salary negotiations,
and drew public critique
when our starting catcher
announced he'd take the season off.
Second.
He illegally hired his jobless brother
as a data analyst,
thus disgracing the team.
Third.
He's insolent.
Insolent and utterly infuriating.
If you want to protect your brother
and the team,
resign as GM.
Get out of here!